what's going on guys I'm with the moose
and today we're back with a draft
champions gameplay this is gonna be the
first one with a new upgraded team with
jamaal charles sammy watkins and so on
you guys will see the defense here if
you're confused by what i'm talking
about with draft champions that's not in
in my 15 whatever click the link down in
the description you'll definitely be
insured in that it's going to give you
some context and give you an idea of
what this you know series is all about
we got some new additions on the squad's
hopefully they can make an impact we're
going to happen to it with the game
right now and get a win we got a
steelers on steelers matchup right now
but we got the ball on offense tom brady
the ball is in your hands my friend
let's make some plays he got through but
we got it to win who drop the pass wow
that play is usually one hundred percent
money I guess not right they're going to
Jamaal Charles the switching it up a
little bit on the ground getting a few
third and seven looking to pick up this
first down got steve largent wide open
up the middle steve just short of the
first it looked like got to be going
forward here tom brady the QB sneak
specialist getting it up the middle for
the first down right there going to
jamal here gotta get the ground game
established a little bit especially with
the new running back Jamaal Charles for
six right there crucial third down right
here third and four got to get this pick
up that's for sure he's gotten through
though oh my goodness getting the sack
or patty pituitary said that dude's name
wrong but we got to punt this one
unfortunately it's just what you got to
do sometimes got to make the smart play
and this one is the punt right there
William Gay bring him down getting
started on defense here got James
Laurinaitis in for Luke key Cleese our
new pickup Larry night is over the
middle we right away we're getting a
user pick that was a concern for me
replacing him over keighley and he's
making us happy with that interception
right there unreal play by Larry Knight
is too easy going to Jamal right now and
Jamal has a wide open lane Jamaal
Charles to the end zone not quite
getting suction cup tackled at the two
yard line but great run for 27 going
right back to Jamal this is his TD to
get and Jamal something but oh my god
getting laid out by Harrison Smith but
he's in the end zone and we're taking
the lead early on going back on defense
right now we've only run one plays run
on the screen I've never seen this
before but we're shutting it down with
dick lane let's
oh my opponents running the hurry-up
offense we'll see if he runs that
screenplay again looks like he is
running it again not sure what he's
doing with it he's actually losing yards
this time send it a blitz at my opponent
here he's got Bo Jackson in the back so
maybe that's Walter Payton can't exactly
tell who it is let's see what he's
running with i'm not sure what he's
doing we're getting a sack let's go come
on shore getting through a little
surprise my opponent is punting the ball
here down seven nothing you don't see
that too often Sammy Watkins making a
play on the return can he do a little
bit more Sammy Watkins breaking off even
more getting down to the 34 water return
that would have been disgusting if I
brought that one back with Watkins
almost had it but Jamal back on the
ground Jamal getting a nice spin move
getting a first down nice run over my
opponent plays some man coverage here if
he does we're gonna be able to get wide
open Jason Witten open on this one get
another first down getting into the red
zone Jamaal Charles you are getting in
the end zone again I can feel it Jamaal
Charles up the middle breaking off a
tackle and he's in from 12 out Jamal is
beasting early on in this one kicking it
off again up 14 to nothing now have a
nice solid lead he's breaking off always
getting laid out as well here we go on
defense once again we've been stellar so
far got to keep it up with laryngitis go
dick lane make a play on that ball buddy
he's getting a first though nice throw
solid way to started this drive for this
guy I'm playing right now but we got to
make that play with dick lane Oh red
bryant make an attack of good stuff
something I've seen about night train
lane people just cannot get him to play
that well and neither can i I really
have not been too successful James
Laurinaitis is there again though Luke
keighley who James Laurinaitis what they
userpic second of the game doing solid
well as oh my goodness as I lose my
words this dude's gonna bounce out from
this one I think we'll try to resume but
I think he's going to be quitting this
one James Laurinaitis ending this one
and just had a great game James
Laurinaitis and Jamaal Charles have both
went off this game just fantastic
additions to the squad and hopefully we
can keep that up in game number two of
the season but that was Game two boring
guys hopefully you did enjoy if you did
please like down below and let me know
what else you want me to do it this
series if you want me to do new drafts
whatever thank you guys for watching and
I'll see you later
you